Reference linkk : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJh2u7NLLDg&list=PLsyeobzWxl7pe_IiTfNyr55kwJPWbgxB5&index=64&t=347s

My notes :

- We cannot create object of abstract classes. (We can create a reference of abstract class, but not object)
- An abstract class is created with just its method name (it should define anything )
    - eg : public abstract void drive();
- abstract classes and methods are meant and created for the sole purpose of inheriting it to other classes and using it.
- We can have abstract method only in abstract classes.
- Whichever class which is extending(inheriting) the abstact class can access the abstact method.

NOTE:
- Whichever class which extends the abstact class should have all the abstact method in it. (else it will throw error). 
    - NOTE : if we dont want to define abstract method in extended/inherited classes, then that class should be made as abstract. 
              (but the problem here is, now we cant create a object of the exnteded class as well, because its abstract.

- It is complusory to have a abstract method inside an abstract class but its not manditory that abstract class should contain abstract methods in them (it may or may not)
- the class which is not abstract is called as Concrete class.


Official notes provided by prof:

In this lecture we will learn:
What is Abstraction?
Abstract method in Java
Abstract class in Java
Abstract vs Concrete classes

#1
Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation details and showing only functionality to the user.

#2
Abstract method:-
Instead of defining the method, we can declare the method.
If we put a semicolon at the end of a method, it means that you only declare the method like:
 public void drive();
This method does not contain any features and you will not be able to create an object of it.
You need to add an abstract keyword to only declare a method.

#3
Abstract class:-
Abstract methods can only be defined in an abstract class.
We need to add an abstract keyword before a class to make it an abstract class.
Objects of an abstract class can not be created.
If you are extending an abstract class, then it is compulsory to define all abstract methods.
It is not necessary that an abstract class should have an abstract method.
Abstract class can have an abstract or a normal method or both.
An abstract class can have more than one abstract method.

#4
Concrete class: A class other than an abstract class is known as a concrete class.
An object of a concrete class can be created.
